This is a head-gum original.
Alfred, have you heard this joke before?
I think I listened to the first half of an app like a month ago.
Why?
I wasn't for me.
I wanted to see what it was about,
but then I realized it wasn't for me.
Then why are you so-
Looks like you're in a spotlight, Jeff.
The lighting's impeccable.
Well, let's go ahead.
No, you don't have to say that, man.
I know you don't mean it.
I look to shovel that in the shower in the year.
It works for you.
You're-
This is-
We've got Marieka Brown on those acts.
You've got Riley and Spawn the Facts.
You've got Alfred Barrel.
I've been bringing up the rear.
I'm so excited to have Riley and Marieka on.
What the fuck?
I'm just mad.
I'm jealous because I showered about an hour ago and I look like shit.
I was telling Jan of before I came on.
He's like, has Alfred ever been on the pot?
I'm like, no.
And Jeff's gonna go hog wild.
Because this is kind of Jeff's domain.
And Alfred doesn't know what he's getting into.
I know.
I am slightly-
Marieka's world.
I mean, it kind of is-
It's just like you antagonizing me on a daily basis,
or a weekly basis.
It's in Alfred.
Alfred said, I don't know if you can hear it.
I don't know if Chris is gonna mix it.
So you can hear it over with the theme song.
But that you listen to half an episode and decided
this show wasn't for you.
Yeah.
I have to be either.
Yeah, it's gonna say I don't think it's for anyone.
It's not for anybody.
No.
The people that don't even like doing it.
Mm-hmm.
It's popular though, huh?
Pop, killer.
I'm gonna go-
I'm gonna go the door of our guest bath.
Definitely.
I don't wanna-
Yeah.
I was in a wallgreens this morning,
and they were playing-
Uh, because I knew you.
Okay.
For good.
Fucking hell.
Yeah, that's the one.
I'm bad.
I just had to get that out before Riley put her headphones on.
Yeah.
It was gonna be the only thing we could talk about.
What did you say?
I said I was in a wallgreens and they were playing for good.
And it was really jarring.
Oh, hey, hey, hey.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
Beautiful.
Thank you.
Shower.
None of us are in the same bed.
Is this like a game show?
I can't remember.
I was like half listening to it.
Anyway.
In a way.
I was the elevator pitch.
I just wrote down yesterday.
Are you ready?
She seems like you're real.
Yeah, because nobody-
Nobody knows what this show is, including me.
So here's what I'm attempting to write it down into a paragraph.
I like that.
It's one second, actually.
Sorry.
Yes.
That's a politics after it's fine.
I just wanted to have this.
Yes.
Uh, it's 45 minutes of chaotic pop culture discussion.
It's been in mean spirit of games and quizzes and gotcha journalism.
It's a sensibly between two ferns meets taskmaster.
I mean, just to just to check in, have you still not watched an episode of taskmaster?
Never in my life.
I watched it so good.
So good.
You like taskmaster being like this?
Yeah, it's great.
I've never seen taskmaster.
Oh, season seven.
That's where I'd start.
Really good.
Oh, episode 139.
It's pretty good.
Of this show.
And it's in spite of no way of one of the guests.
No, there's a one of them.
Two of the guests.
And it's in spite of one of them.
I would have heard about it if you made that man.
After 139 episodes of during this show.
Compared to episode one.
Yes.
Night and day back.
Okay.
It was unbelievable.
We followed going into the show.
What's that?
Yeah.
2020, mid-2020 when we started.
It was like peak pandemic.
No one knew what was going on.
We were all inside.
No vaccine site.
And I'd never been happier.
And you were happier.
And you were now.
Yeah, it's harder for us.
Okay.
Let's get this elephant in the room.
Alfred Bartwell Evans on the pod.
Just call me.
No, you're the elephant in the room.
That you're wearing.
Get this elephant room.
Fuck you asshole.
The elephant in the room is that you're wearing a hoodie that bears your name.
Yeah.
It's not a good look.
I'm sorry.
This is a friend of mine's fathers.
And he gave it to me as a gift.
Because it's my name.
I also have two pint glasses and a lunch box.
That's how.
That's how Alfred University men's soccer.
I thought you were somebody you had.
You had two pint glasses.
That's a full exhaustive list of every possession I have.
Yeah.
All right.
With you.
Not necessarily.
Right.
That's a pleasure.
Pretty good.
There's a lot to get to her.
Only if I can get a word in Eduro has Alfred.
You're the host fan.
Fuck.
She's good.
Yeah.
This is great.
Um.
Me.
You're you're addressing me earlier.
Yeah.
Do you want me to take over?
Wouldn't be the first time.
Oh.
Am I right?
Come on.
Fucking at least drowning.
How has the transition been for y'all?
Better than ever.
It's been hilarious.
I think it's better than when I was.
It was like, it's night and day.
It's like your mental.
Night and day.
It's like a person was like, oh, what's the point?
And now I'm like, oh, that's the point.
It's the thing.
It's most interesting.
It's the guests who are frankly begging to come on.
No.
Of the show.
And it's coming out of nowhere.
Now that Jeff's gone.
They're like, oh, yeah.
Now look at it.
Yeah.
I've been BC seeing me on that.
I guess bragging.
I never thought Al Roker would express interest.
Right after he recovered too.
Yeah.
It's like the first thing he wants to do back in the spotlight.
That was story.
Yeah.
Wrong avenue.
I think to tell the story.
Tell the story through long form improvisation.
We could do like further channels or something.
I saw Al Roker in waitress the musical.
Was he the old man?
Yeah.
That's amazing.
Oh, yeah.
What about Al Roker?
Al Roker.
Al if you're breaking up.
I didn't say shit.
You're grainy and like.
I'm not talking.
Oh.
I think that's just like interference or whatever.
I actually haven't said anything for a while.
Jeff, you were addressing Maria.
I want to hear what you were going to say.
Oh, I said, what about Alf Roker?
No.
We're trying to make it past that.
You're trying to move fast.
Yeah.
Maria, how's your 2023?
I saw you on New Year's day.
We got dinner.
That's true.
Today.
And that was wondering.
Like how things been going in the last 20 through days.
Um.
They've been up.
They've been down.
We also saw Maria at the head.
I'm happy hour.
Yeah.
That's true.
But we could go on.
Yeah.
I saw her mug.
Oh, kind of.
Sorry.
I don't know if.
Let's.
Yeah.
We did.
We did have drinks.
But we had.
Mine wasn't a snowman.
No.
Mug.
Which was pretty cool.
And Jeff did pay for it.
That's nice.
Which is all I can really ask for.
So for that.
That's the fuck up.
For that.
Great.
So Jeff hate for the drink.
That's nice.
Yeah.
For the drink.
So.
And yeah.
You did a nice thing.
And that way.
My year started.
Fine.
Jeff.
Shut the fuck up.
Really uncomfortable.
Yeah.
I'm really uncomfortable right now.
It's just what it's all about.
I'm sorry.
It's just 45 minutes.
He'll be uncomfortable.
Yeah.
I'm not.
This is like the vibe of the show is supposed to be joy and wisdom.
Jeff, we're about to quarter away through this thing.
How do you think it's going?
It's going.
I mean, people are going to love it.
But I'm having a bad time.
What would make you have a good time?
I don't know.
Like be, you know, getting to some of the material that I fucking painstaking the outline.
Okay.
Well, you.
You've asked me how my year is going.
I want to hear it.
It's been a while.
I thought you would drink on New Year's Day Eve.
And you said it was fine.
Yeah.
I said my year started off fine.
What do you, what else do you want?
I thought it was a fun dinner.
It was a fun dinner.
It was.
I'm just saying that, you know,
the day overall was okay.
Riley and Alfred, what did you guys do on New Year's Eve?
Um, I went to the ER.
What happened?
With that night, I'm fine.
And I'm party with Daniels.
I thought I had a blood clot in my head.
But did you?
Why did you think you had a blood clot?
Because I felt like kind of pain.
Like in my thigh that I've never felt before.
And it was getting worse and worse.
And Daniel and I were Googling.
And I'm like, it might be a blood clot.
And we went to ER, which was very open.
Not a lot of people there at 7 p.m.
on New Year's Eve and in Evan's vanilla noise.
Um, I did.
They were like, it's not a blood clot taken aspirin.
And I remember I was in, and I'm like,
I'm like, hey, so obviously my health comes first.
This is not a big deal.
But um, if I go to a party and if I want to go,
yeah, no, it doesn't matter.
And they're like, you want to know if you can have a drink
with aspirin.
I'm like, yeah, but obviously health is the priority.
And they're like, I'll ask the doctor.
And I'm like stupid, stupid.
And then they're like, the doctor says take take an aspirin
and have a drink.
It's New Year's.
And I'm like, okay.
The doctor tried to kill you.
Doctors orders.
Thank you.
Can I have a better help sponsorship on this thing?
Yeah.
Thank you.
It might be fitting.
If you want to put it in there.
I think it's pretty cute.
A cute or cute.
I'm cute.
A cute.
As I'm like, notice a bar set.
I'll think I'm cute.
Yeah.
That's what I like.
Play the game.
I'm going to play the game or whatever.
How much do you do on New Year's Eve?
I set up all night.
Going to the different E.R.s and lying about having a bluff.
I've played the game whenever the hell.
Well, he didn't actually give a straight answer.
I can't just wear a family shirt with your namesake on it.
And then avoid questions.
Honestly, a talk show.
Riley has been coming at me, but she's been answering the questions.
I've been doing neither.
If you let me speak, I can give you an answer.
Would you like to hear?
Yeah, it's here.
I was with my family.
And we played a board game.
And until about 11.45, at which point I turned on Dick Clark's rocking New Year's Eve on the television.
Wrong title.
And we watched the last 15 minutes of that.
The ball went down.
That's not bad.
I had a glass of non-alcoholic shardine.
It's disgusting.
In a champagne flute.
That's grape juice.
To be clear.
No, it was worse.
It tasted really bad.
And then I was in bed by a tiny 1215.
That's beautiful.
Can I ask what board game you played?
Wing span.
I don't know.
Is that a board game?
It's just stretch out your arms and see who has the longest one.
Well, I would win that game as I won Wing span.
It's a game of fighting.
Alfred, you have to relax your shoulders.
An entire body because your head is moving waxily.
But the rest of your body looks stiff as a board.
I don't know what I've done.
To not foster camaraderie joy wisdom and liveness.
Yeah, there you go.
The first shit you did when I got on the call was start criticizing.
On to the week.
My band at the first.
I have to go first.
My band at the time.
I have to find where to go.
Every week, Marieka keeps going.
Can I go first?
That's not true at all.
The best two weeks you've said, can I go first?
It's probably because you took so long to get into the segment.
Okay.
Who is your band of the week?
Joey King.
Nice.
That's really good.
She did us all a service.
And at the end of the day, that's all I can ask for.
And I think she'd be a great bond.
Well, here's that.
My thing is that I don't think she actually hooked up with him.
You know.
Because there's like no evidence.
People just decided they thought that they hooked up.
Because they were just doing a press tour.
And then they were like, they fucked.
I'm like, I don't know if they did.
I'll find you could go.
I can see.
Here's the thing.
I have a question.
Yeah, I got it.
Here's the thing.
I have a question.
Yeah, I got it.
Whatever.
Do you ever explain segments on the show or just die fucking in as if everyone in the audience has heard the show before?
Bond of the week is okay.
So Daniel Craig is out as bond.
And so every week until the next 007 is cast, we're loving up our pick for the next James.
So who would you cast as the next James Bond?
That was a really good elevator pitch.
Why don't you could just slot that in.
Go, because you're ready.
And then Alfred give Riley the floor.
Terran, Edrickton.
Okay.
That's really good.
When did you launch a man recently?
I didn't want to recently.
I've just been thinking about it a lot.
And I know this in Austin Butler discourse.
Yeah.
Because it's like, where are Terran, Edrickton's flowers?
He made the best music biopic in a really long time.
And we asked Jeffrey.
What about Todd, Edrickton?
Like cock.
Like the British slang term for cock.
Todd, you're, is that the joke that you're making?
Yeah.
Have you been like it?
It's like in the hairy.
Yeah.
I put it on my torture.
Thank you, Riley.
My penis is oscillating between freezing cold and burning cold.
And then he gets mad on cold bear for him bringing it up.
You wrote it.
I made my mother.
I'm fucking sorry, Harry.
You're mom's dead, by the way.
So don't, it woke her when talking about your.
I'm sorry, Alfred, but for lack of better term.
Fang.
How could you apologize to me?
My bond, I guess, is Tom Hanks in a man called Otto.
So Tom Hanks adds Otto as Otto.
Yeah.
Otto from a man called Otto as played by Tom Hanks.
Can you say bond, the name's bond, James Bond, and as doing an impression of that?
Sure.
Tom Hanks famously easy to impressions such as a stink voice.
Oh, grumpy grumpy grumpy.
My name's a bond.
James Bond.
That was really bad.
Have you seen it?
Have you seen a man called Otto?
I haven't, but that doesn't sound wrong.
I haven't seen it.
Have you seen the commercial?
No.
And you wouldn't know.
It just doesn't sound like Tom Hanks.
You guys have seen it.
You think it was good?
I haven't seen it.
But I watched the trailer.
I haven't seen the trailer.
I don't know.
Thank you.
He's a grumpy.
He's right.
He went grumpy.
Tom Hanks.
I was just going to say he just doesn't.
He doesn't sound the same in every movie.
Okay.
Elvis?
That was a choice.
So you don't know that he doesn't have an accent or a funny voice.
A man called Otto.
Do you?
It would be famous, my boy.
Jeff, did you see Elvis?
Bond.
Yeah.
I don't know.
And you also pop culture shows.
Who's your bond?
I'm on the weekend.
I was just going to say it.
When he said, it was a pop culture show.
I've got the same way.
Yeah.
We bring up pop culture stuff.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Bring it up.
And I try to bring stuff up and you shut it down.
It's kind of how it works.
So all the time.
Who's your bond?
There it is.
Wow.
I don't want to.
My bond of the week is Alfred Bardwell Evans.
Oh.
Alfred Bond.
She's really good.
Because.
Sorry, but Aaron Taylor Johnson's not the only white guy with three names.
Who says no?
What?
Alfred, would you like to play Bond?
Sure.
That paycheck.
I'm sure.
That's the reason.
What would you like?
Can I do like?
Do you like martini shake and not stirred like as Bond like earnestly?
Well, I don't know.
I got to say Riley just saying that straight was actually pretty good.
No, but like do it like you're as Bond like as earnestly as you can.
Okay.
I can do that.
Camera's rolling.
Crowd on set.
Sound speeds.
Camera's speeds.
And action.
Bucky.
Or you bad.
Top of the morning, my man.
You're making me in the morning.
Hi, fancy.
Breakfast martini.
It's just martini.
Almost got it.
Shaking.
Not sad.
Oh, kind of cheeky.
You redeemed it at the end.
Yeah.
What you jealous though, that just aren't relevant to the scene to the movie.
Raise a lot of concern for James doing his job as a sponsor.
Why do you think I should be Bond?
He's bad at his job.
I said, well, you should be Bond.
You're a white guy with three names.
That's pretty good reason.
That's fair.
I'm going to go with a lot of the shit you say.
But that's pretty good reason.
Uh, we'd have to move on to news of the day.
Oh, fuck.
I'm going.
Thank God.
Why doesn't anybody ever try to enjoy the show?
I'm going to blast.
I genuinely try every time.
Okay.
Well, I have a great time every time I come on.
Uh, M&M's announced that my root of is the new face of the company after an indefinite pause hit the classic spokes candies.
What do you guys think of the why?
Why?
Do you want me to read the official thing?
Yes.
Please.
All right.
Back last to the highly sexualized green M&M or something.
Um, so here is the, uh, just changed her shoes.
That's all.
Yeah.
That's all they did.
And then like a bunch of Republicans were like, M&M's went.
Whoa.
I don't want to fuck anymore.
Did you before?
What's the news?
Um, she's not on heels.
I don't want to tap that thing.
And that anyway.
I was going to say an M&M.
Forget it.
Let's talk.
And the last year we've made some changes to our beloved spokes candies.
We weren't sure if anyone would even notice.
And we definitely didn't think it would break the internet.
But now we get it.
Even a candy's shoes can be polarizing.
Which was the last thing I have an M's wanted.
This is where all about bringing people together.
There are four.
We've decided to take an indefinite pause from the spokes candies.
In their place, we are proud to introduce a spokesperson, American, a can agree on.
Beloved Maya Rudolph.
We are confident Ms. Rudolph will champion the power of fun to create a world where everyone
feels like they belong.
You know what my first thought was?
Not everyone can agree on Rudolph.
No, my first thought was what is going to happen to the commercial before AMC movies,
where it's the M&M's as spies.
They're like, I don't remember the actual joke of this commercial that I've seen a million times.
I remember like Christmas one.
The Christmas one.
Yes.
Do you want to be the peanut M&M and I'll be Santa.
Do a little re-enactment.
I'm talking to me.
Yeah.
Sure.
I don't really remember what they say.
I'm also fucking a reminder.
I'll do both.
The peanut M&M goes.
To say they like run into Santa.
Like he's like about to eat the cookies and the peanut M&M goes.
He's real.
And then Santa goes.
They're real.
My question was who he better than Maya?
M&M?
Be funny, right?
Sorry.
Everything just stopped for me.
So it wasn't that I wasn't laughing.
It was just it said you're in an act.
Connections on stable.
Which I don't think it is.
That's just my poison.
Infiltrating fiber.
I disagree.
Oh, Jeffrey, take a little nap.
Yeah.
Well, the sun was in my eyes.
Which at first was good lighting, but it was starting to get hot.
Uh, LeBron James is an estimated nine games away from breaking the NBA's all-time scoring record passing cream of dual jubar.
What record do you guys think you could actually break?
Because I think I could swim around the world in the 80 laps.
Do you do that in the 80 laps?
Yeah, like sort of what?
What do you mean?
Do you mean like drugs?
Yeah, freestyle ideally.
They get tired a little bit of rest.
Ask 80 laps of a meter length.
Whatever.
A hundred meter length.
Olympic swimming pool.
I think I could make it across the whole damn ocean.
I think I could genuinely break a record for how many lemon spin drifts
consumed in a lifetime.
In a lifetime.
So you want to earn it as you die.
Uh-huh.
A positive as Guinness.
Well, record.
Mm-hmm.
That's cool.
That one I could genuinely break, I think.
That's that.
I don't doubt you could do that.
Alfred, Maria.
Pretty amazing.
Clementine's eaten in a single day.
Oh, so what?
What number do you think it would be?
I mean, I feel like an order.
Well, I think that like no one's set directly.
It's not.
I feel like no one's set the record.
Like it's not officially on the books.
Um, so I feel like I could start low and if someone tried to beat me,
then I'd have to go like non-stop in a Clementine's for the whole day.
But I think you could do like 12, and that would be fine.
Yeah.
And I would.
And I have.
Get scurvy.
That's true.
I will say that Riley and I shot a web series pilot years ago
that never aired.
And I had to eat a bunch of comquats.
Oh, yeah.
I love comquats.
And I've also done that.
I had so many.
And I just.
You got sick.
I had some.
Yeah, some digestive issues.
Obviously.
So just be careful with the Clementine's brought me.
Well, remember.
Remember when.
Remember when my mom sent me grapes in the mail.
Yeah.
This year.
Yeah, this year.
She sent me a comquats.
But I did ask for them this time.
And they arrived.
They arrived in good condition.
And I'm good face.
And I did eat.
Almost all of them.
There was a lot.
A lot of no comquats.
Um.
Alfred, what record do you think you could actually read?
It looks so bored.
Leeds to mount a fun hat on a podcast.
Yeah.
Let's swear.
X is Sean Penn and Robin Wright seen in Los Angeles spending more time together.
The pair were married from 1996 to 2010.
What's going on, guys?
Do you think they're back together?
What's that?
Yeah, maybe they're right together.
I auditioned for a movie.
That Robin Wright was directing.
And I didn't get it.
You didn't get it.
Call back?
No.
That sucks.
Next time.
Mm-hmm.
Better look.
Yeah.
I watched a movie starring Robin Wright and Colin Farrell.
Directed by Michael Mayor who directed Spray Awakening.
American Idiot.
A bunch of great stuff.
Change my life.
Uh, it's, it's a great film.
I recommend.
By the way, this is how Marieka brings up pop culture.
So it's like, how are you supposed to respond to that?
Like, the only thing you can say is, oh, cool.
No.
I could talk.
I love spring awakening.
Yeah.
Are you going to try and see Jonathan Graff in Marley when a transverse
to Broadway?
You saw it.
Oh, I'm so jealous.
Where's it as good as I wanted to be?
It was pretty good.
It was.
Yeah.
I had a good time.
Pretty good.
It's going to work.
I see.
I do think it's going to last.
I think, I mean, I think it has such a big draw right now.
Yeah.
Building up so much hype that I do think it's going to last.
I think I, I mean, I assume all of the birth transfering.
But I think they are all scheduled to transfer.
I think my guess would be the Daniel goes first.
Yeah.
But he's, he's so good in it.
Oh, my bad.
My favorite song.
If you can believe.
I can't believe.
And I don't know you, but I can believe.
Money?
No, I like money a lot.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I mean, it's better than that.
I love that show, man.
It's so good.
Really?
I can't wait for the movie.
It's a great question, Riga.
And I would also love to talk the Marley movie.
I also, I think my favorite part about what's happening right now.
Was that Jeff knows nothing?
That's why I'm trying to keep it.
And we know we know Jeff's favorite song.
Hi, musical is Saturday night.
So we can move on from that.
We don't have to ask him.
Ryan, I think.
My is a little night music and into the woods.
Like, it's got to be both of us.
I am in the introduction of a little.
And I, I haven't seen a production of a little night music.
But I did watch a film version.
A film like a, like a film adaptation or a stage.
Like the performance had been filmed.
I really think it was just a movie.
Like not, not a stage.
Was there any actors of note in there or was it unknown?
Let me see.
It's like one of the older films.
It's from 1973.
Wow.
It's a sort of contemporaneous to the.
I think I saw that one.
Yeah.
Oh, that one.
That one.
Yeah.
Oh, that one.
My favorite home assassins.
Oh, my love.
God.
And he loves us.
He jails.
Can't stop grinning amid.
Affair allegations.
This was him yesterday.
He's holding two phones.
That is true.
One.
One per affair.
Um.
Yeah.
And you know what?
We had a genie moves thing.
But I'm going to cut it.
We don't need to watch another one of those.
We'd have to take a break, though.
Oh.
Yeah.
Uh.
Um.
We do have to do it.
What's that?
No one said anything.
Oh, car.
We could talk more.
You want someone to comment on the fact that you did a German.
Accent.
I was going to start the clock on a murdicous druthers.
So it is time for.
Uh.
Greka's brothers, what meaning you can keep talking about what you were just talking about.
Well, I had just scripted.
That reminds me that at one point, I asked you what that sound clip was from because I was spiraling
down if thing were like, I, I was listening to the Sunheim musical, the frogs.
I love the frogs.
and the overture is like a fanfare
that I recognized and I couldn't figure out
where it was from and I thought maybe it was from this.
It wasn't, but it was from comedy-bang-bang,
which really upset me.
Maria, do you remember in Smash when I forget
who in the show, Christian Borle was dating,
but they were like, who do you famous on him?
What do you famous on him?
He's like, and Christian Borle, I'll never get,
he's like, the frogs, and they're like,
no, what are you talking about?
He's like, I don't know.
Jeff, do you remember that?
Yeah, did you watch Smash, Jeff?
Well, it's a Marieka's brother,
so I'm not really supposed to talk for these things.
Oh, that's great.
Yeah, that's good.
How did you watch Smash?
I didn't.
I think I wouldn't have enjoyed it,
but I feel like now it's probably too late to really get
much out of it.
You think it's worth the money, really?
You can go back?
Yeah, I feel like people are watching Glee now,
which is, yeah.
Concerning, just for the culture.
So I feel like you have a right to watch Smash,
if you want to.
Thank you for giving me that permission.
Yeah, I loved Glee at the time.
Were you guys glad?
Season's, seasons one and two.
Jesse St. James and Icon.
Pretty good.
The war blurs?
Oh, Jeff's out of this.
Is this boring you?
Yeah.
Okay, I'm being honest.
Yeah, I appreciate it.
Did you guys watch any of the like,
Broadway web series that existed back in the day?
There was like,
I think some of my videos are playable videos.
Some of them were connected to that,
but there was like a series.
So there's one called The Batteries Down,
which was done by a bunch of you,
the Mishkids, like Andrew Keenan-Boldger,
and a Pacek and Paul, like we're involved
and that was like a musical web series.
That one's iconic.
A lot of great cameo's there.
Just such an Andrew Keenan-Boldger head.
He loves the, yeah, he loves Andrew's blog.
Yeah, for sure.
Which was also a great one.
Anyone comments on the YouTube video
or the Reddit about what you're talking about?
If anyone recognizes this as a piece of media,
I'll give you $40.
No one knows what you're talking about.
On this year or in the year.
I mean, yeah, I know it's,
I've recently realized that a lot of songs
that I took the time to memorize
and like high school early college
that were like theater songs have
the YouTube videos, have like 1,000 views.
And then you, and then you think about that
in retrospect to like this podcast gets 10,000 views.
Right.
Sometimes on videos that I'm like,
what was I, what are any of us doing really?
Yeah, it's really upsetting.
What's your favorite, like, really obscure musical?
Well, my favorite musical is,
I mean, he's a called called Los Estrada Jones,
which isn't, right now.
Yeah, it's.
Jeff does.
Yeah.
Jeff was in it, I think.
Who did you play again?
Jeff sing one of the songs.
It's like, Los Estrada Jones.
In this Greco house,
positano pens, made of linen now.
It's like, this sort of coastal Italy thing.
It was in Greco.
Well, you know, yeah, I think that was moving.
It is moving.
What's the ton of pants?
She's more of Marieka's brothers, right?
I'm trying to take a back seat and you're not really
fine.
Well, my God, this is how the Jones was about college
basketball team that had a won a game in 30 years.
So all of the two leaders who naturally were dating
all basketball players with held sex until they won a game.
I actually do know this.
Yeah, yeah.
As in the playlist of Strada, it's great.
Highly recommend, yeah, positano Broadway
for a 30 something days.
I love it.
There are a lot of them on Spotify.
There is an album, it's really fun.
Like poppy songs.
Yeah, glory days, one of my other favorite musicals
written by the guy that wrote this musical,
which famously closed on its opening night on Broadway.
Oh, there he is.
Yeah, you see it.
Cause of COVID or no?
No, this was in 2008.
Got it.
Yeah, low ticket sales for sure for sure.
Shouldn't have opened when it did openly in the season.
In a bad venue and it was a show about college, boys
that were going to college and facing the crisis
of growing up.
But you know, I love it.
If I saw it, I had literally burst into tears.
It's a great show.
59 seconds left.
Were you guys as favorite musicals that are obscure musicals?
Oh, my favorite year.
Do you want to give us a taste?
My favorite year.
And everything is linen now.
That's less as, yeah.
I mean, obviously you're wasting the 59 seconds.
That I would have preferred to hear what out further,
Riley at the say.
Thank you, Riley.
I'm trying to think, I'm trying to think
what I've been listening to lately.
I've been getting back in a motel debt
because the movie movie was so good.
That was so good.
Good.
I've been getting to know the cyclone.
Oh, I saw it.
I just said, you asked the only country
that didn't get a theatrical release of motel debt.
I did.
I did know that because I was very insane.
I remember that stuff.
They did it.
Oh, that was hard.
You didn't get me something to do with you.
I saw it at the cyclone before Taylor Louderman left the show.
I have also, yeah.
I get that her songs like Madeleine.
We can move on, but I had a great time.
Welcome to, what should I even call this?
Review review review.
Okay.
Now I'm interested.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
Now it's about me.
All right.
I might be in this part.
Give it to me.
What's up?
We're going to laugh at no matter what I said
because you thought it would be funny to start
getting on board at the last minute.
I feel like I've been a bad sport this whole time.
That's part for the course for the show.
I think that was the, you weren't being a bad sport.
You were just reacting appropriately to what you've been given.
This is probably the worst show for you guys to do promo on
because I feel like everyone who listens to review review
listens to the show and everybody listens to your guys to show.
But at the same time, if anyone hasn't heard of it,
do you guys want to soft-pitch or hard-pitch the show
before we get into this segment?
If you have, if you're listening to the show
and haven't listened to a review review,
the might be possible to show.
I think it's a lot more listeners than review does.
That's fine.
Basically, we take any topic literally ever.
Today we did Cafe Nero, which is going to be coming up soon.
We've done Universal Studios Hollywood, Martin L.
Sparkling Sider, anything.
We read reviews of this thing from the internet
and then we do long from improv based on those reviews.
Sometimes, I guess.
It's a great idea.
I think Jeff might have short-during memory loss.
Because Jeff was a co-host and we made the show together
and he was over three years.
And then it was only this past year.
That Jeff stepped down and Alfred stepped up.
I wasn't going to step down.
He was the dad who stepped up.
I've never heard that before before.
I've never heard that before.
I love it.
Well, I mean, so I thought we could just do
a mini review review segment.
But Marieka, since you've never been a part of the show,
I don't want to like travel by fire you here.
So why don't we do Riley, me, and Alfred will do the segment.
And Marieka, you can call the scene.
How about that?
Great.
I'd love for you to not be involved in the improv.
Yeah.
That's fair.
And I think all of the audience would agree as well.
It's not even because Marieka doesn't want to do it.
Jeff just really doesn't want to do it.
Oh, my god.
Yeah, very good.
So this, I thought it would be fun to do a review of the show
post, my departure post, Alfred's arrival.
Were you listening to an old episode of that?
Good podcast?
No, I just haven't opened the Apple podcast app in years.
All right.
Um, I guess since May 14, 2021, here it is.
Uh, five stars of review review.
Uh, this is on Apple podcast.
Uh, this comes in from Nickname, KS already taken.
Uh, Alfred, do you want to give them a nickname?
Uh, sure.
It's KS their initials.
Is that Riley?
What do you, you, you should facilitate this.
I don't know how this works.
Kevin Slime.
There we go.
That's Kevin Slime.
Five stars title is new host.
Better than that other crooked old fart.
All right.
I didn't read this before we started.
So is this, it almost sounds like, oh, he's a crooked old fart, but he's
better than the other crooked old fart.
Yeah, does that make sense?
I'm just kind of reeling because I didn't read the review.
You didn't read it before.
I just opened Apple podcast.
Do you want to do the improv or no?
Maybe if you guys start it and then all kind of like,
we could find a difference for you.
That's the only one in the last 20 days.
Okay.
I'm just relaxed.
You guys fucking start the scene.
And once I calm down, I'll enter it.
All right.
I promise I won't enter it until I calm down.
Okay.
Honey, I know that my remarriage has been a big transition for you.
You know, it's a guardi at a tender age or 14.
And I know that you're dad leaving and me remarrying pretty quickly has been
really hard.
But I brought him over today.
He says in the other room, he'll come in when he's ready, when you're ready.
When you're ready, because it's about you.
And I just wanted you guys to get to know each other a little bit.
Is that something you'd be interested in?
Yeah, yeah, I think so.
Do you, and do you want to let me know anything before he comes in?
Like any reservations, any boundaries?
You do want to talk about, don't want to talk about.
You don't have to call him dad.
I want to say that right now, you do not have to call him dad.
And I, if I wanted to, though, of course you can.
You should ask him that.
I bet that he would love to hear that.
Maybe not today, but later.
Yeah, I think that sounds like a good idea.
I'm going to bring him in.
Yeah, I just want to say, I really appreciate it that the time you and I have had together, though.
It's not going to end, you're still my son.
No, I know, but I'm just saying it's been a particular vibe.
But I've, I've liked it.
Oh, me too.
And this will be a new chapter.
So I'll bring him in.
Jack's, Jack's, he's ready.
Come say hi to Chris.
I Chris, I heard what you guys said through the wall, by the way.
I'm not a crooked old fart.
I know the door was closed and it was a little muffled, but that's what I heard.
Jack's, we were joking.
It was a joke.
We were like, oh, he's just a crooked old fart.
You know, it's a, we're kidding.
We're at week, Chris.
Uh-huh.
Call me dad.
Okay.
You don't have to do it right now.
Call me dad.
Oh, that's someone who's just a fart.
And you don't want to talk about that.
Jack's, what are you doing?
I'm going to bring in somebody else that's a fun friend of mine.
And they're going to tell you exactly who they are and what their whole deal is.
And it's going to change the scene.
Parsie.
Marika, that's you.
Parsie, don't be shy.
Come in here.
Tell us your whole deal and change the scene entirely.
I don't know anyone named Parsie before.
Jack's, this is real good.
It's okay, Marika, it's okay.
I'm so nervous.
This is not a machine, Marika, it's okay.
I don't know what I said earlier, but you can improvise in the scene with us.
Parsie, come here.
Pressure on Parsie.
Tell us your whole deal and make it funny as shit to change this whole deal.
It's okay.
I am Parsie.
Oh, who are you?
But even it's really intimate meeting with my son and his new stuff done.
And as we said, I had some notice.
What were you thought of friend doing?
How did you get into our house?
Honestly, I thought this was my house.
Marika, you're blowing it.
This is why I didn't want you to be in the scene.
This is not part of it.
Jack.
Now back to it.
Parsie.
You're an eye.
How would you think this is your house?
This is so clearly my girlfriend's house.
We've just got married.
You're married.
You're never, and by the way, you never stop dating your wife.
You're wife.
Parsie, what's your entire deal?
You have 15, Marika, you have 15 seconds to change the scene.
Parsie, what's your whole thing?
Man.
Well.
I mean, now I'm confused because I came here thinking that this was my house.
It was your house.
Yeah, it looks exactly like this.
Right, yeah, yeah.
It's on the same street.
Parsie, true or false from what you know about me and our relationship that you haven't
really figured out what it is yet.
Would you describe me as a crooked old fart?
I don't know who you are to be honest.
Really, Parsie, we thought he was with you.
I fucking hate the key on.
Mom, you're still in charge of calling this scene, even though you're now so.
Yeah, honey.
What?
Mom, I don't want him to be died anymore.
I don't want you to be anything.
You don't want to be anything.
Parsie, be my new dad.
I really like Parsie.
You don't want to know what Parsie's whole deal is.
No one knows.
Real deal is.
The O.S.
Jackson.
Oh, Chris.
Chris, crooked old fart and now P.O.S.
Christopher, what is this?
Say you're sorry to Parsie and to
your sorry.
You're sorry to Parsie and don't be like that.
No, actually, I accept that apology.
That was nothing.
He was imitating me in being sort of a smart ass about it.
Yeah, but I appreciate it.
Shut up, you're rancid old, so and so.
I'm sick of your ass, Parsie.
Parsie, can we go?
Can we get out of here?
Go get a milkshake, so we're y'all gonna go.
We didn't even get a milkshake.
We didn't even get a glimpse into what Parsie's
whole deal is.
Parsie's deal is that Parsie's deal is that this is Parsie's house.
Parsie doesn't know any of us, but now I guess it's
reverse.
These Chris' new stepdad.
That's how he's deal.
So are you gonna go?
We're gonna go get a milkshake.
So you're gonna work out with this Chris?
I'm still real in off that apology.
I mean, I really fucking appreciated that.
Nobody's ever taken a not only taken accountability
and responsibility, but also delivered just the words I'm
sorry with that explanation and defensiveness.
The only thing I'm still kind of waiting, sitting here in Limbo about
is what Parsie's whole deal is, because that is certain point
by the way, I'm really good you should have said something like that.
To change the whole scene.
And now we're back in it.
Tell me dad.
Wait, sorry, can we pause the scene for a second?
Actually, yeah.
What do you mean, I should have said something like that?
Like you should have, because your assignment, which you obviously didn't
understand the assignment was to come in as Parsie.
You're right.
Say what your whole deal was and change the whole scene.
She did.
I didn't see my whole deal and you told me that I had to call the scene.
And we haven't had a good point yet.
We could have called it.
Okay.
We could have called it when you said it.
So it was supposed to be like, oh, get to know your new step dad.
And now it's about who the fuck is Parsie and why does Parsie think this is
there house?
And I was going to call it, uh, do you want to go get milkshakes, but then
then kept going and then kept going.
Just kept hiding.
I didn't keep going.
You kept going.
All right.
Should we go back to the scene and get to the other point?
Yeah, I'll do.
Perfect.
All right.
Back to the scene.
I'm going to get strawberry.
And scene.
Yeah.
So Riley, Alfred, where can they people find you?
Where can they follow the show?
Where can they listen to the show?
What's a good episode?
Listen with the floor's y'all.
Let's start with Riley.
You can find me on Instagram at Riley and Spa and on Twitter at Riley Koyote.
You can find the show on Instagram at review review on reddit r slash review review.
And we have a discord channel under the Hadgham discord review review.
Comparty.
I think a really fun first at, well, when's this one coming out?
This Friday.
We just, uh, on this past Tuesday, the 24th, we have an
uptrip with Shelby Wallstein, which is really fun.
And I also think, for the new, so you can listen, there's a whole
shit tongue with me and Jeff.
Don't fucking listen to us.
Don't.
But in fact, I've been, Marie,
Kevin, meaning to ask you about this.
Is there a way to get those taken down?
No, yeah.
I know you guys make money off of those now, though.
I would rather we just, things like, you know,
I think it's confusing.
We have one just alpha and I, uh, called Dice, which, um,
our editor Daniel Ray most did a pretty amazing sound design for a
chase sequence, which is one of my favorite audio gags.
We've done so.
Dice, if you want our first solo up and, um, we just had, uh,
Tupperware with Shelby Wallstein.
Oh, yeah, Alfred, yeah, and you can find me on, uh,
Instagram, uh, dot com at Alfred in it.
I am an IT, um, you know, the web browser.
I mean, the web browser, I think my ghost on the app.
My big plea, I guess, if we're doing plugs and please, here,
yeah, uh, I know what you're going to say.
And it gets worse every time.
I know what it does for you.
I know, I know, but I need to say
it. I need to say it.
I know a lot of people who listen to this show use to listen to review review.
Uh, no, if you wouldn't mind writing some things songs for review review that
have my name in them because we're steadily working through the backlog of
songs that are all about Jeff.
You don't have many in the ass is like every, we recorded one today.
And it was about your ass.
This is my impression of every review review theme song.
Jeffs, uh, I'll take me home to the, uh,
uh, cyber long.
That's literally every single fucking one.
And all I'm asking you is that, you know, people out there who've, like,
they haven't, you're asked.
Yes, they have a drag saved garage band of some fucking song about Jeff's
ass.
Just go in.
Uh, hate how long.
Exactly.
It's too slow.
My name in.
Just take my fucking name in.
We had can you feel the love tonight?
And it was like, can you see Jeff's ass in chords or something like that?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Easy.
Can you speak to it a little bit?
How is your ass?
Uh, they're writing complaint?
Uh, it.
Yeah, I mean, I think your, our ass is probably pretty comparable.
Don't you dare see that.
Let's let's get a picture of your ass up on Twitter.
And then we'll compare side by side.
I, you know, I don't feel the need to, you know,
You know, chase cloud like that, I think, you know, I'm pretty content, you know, it's not me chasing cloud.
It's me running away from go. Like while I'm young, let's preserve my physical status in, you're trying to sort of lock a time capsule of you having an ass.
If you got your ankle, so it's shattered.
Marica.
Follow me on Twitter and Instagram and letterboxed at Marica Lawn.
And again, if you did watch the battery astound, a classic musical theater web series by Jake Wilson, please let me know.
So I can make for any dollars. Thank you.
And it's at Jeffrey James on Instagram at Jeffrey already on Twitter.
It's going to be next week, Riley has a heart out in two and a half minutes, so we're going to call it.
Candle.
Watch Jeff soap. Showcase, CBS ever.
Yeah, it's so good.
Yeah, Paramount.com for his last showcase, 2023 or dash, 2023.
And if you're a cast and director, please give all three of us jobs.
And I'm not going to say which three, but it's doing me, Riley and Marica for some reason.
I can see him from show with seamless sort of a calling card.
But this whole show was done.
We'll see you guys again next week. I hope.
That was a hit dumb original.
Thank you.